-: Welcome back.
In this lecture,
we are going to understand about Ingress SSL redirect.
So, which is nothing, but, in general,
whenever we are building our applications
and then deploying in production,
we usually have a requirement like,
our http URL should be auto redirected to https.
So, most generalize the requirement and then,
in most of the load balances we usually do this.
Okay, so this became a load balancer setting
wherein if you want to read out your URL from http to https,
you can do it.
So, how we are going to do that in Ingress?
Manifest means like,
Ingress Kubernetes manifest how we are going to write it.
So, we are going to look into.
So, before going there,
so, we also need to understand something about
custom action annotations in
Ingress specifically.
So, let's go back to our GitHub repo and then
we'll go to zero eight zero five
ALB Ingress SSL redirect, right?
So, inside this, we need to go to
this respect to link, okay?
So, which is nothing but, a reference
for custom actions, okay?
So, I'll open it here.
So, in the annotation section, right?
So, the first annotation is nothing but,
the actions dot custom action name.
So, the first annotation whatever you're seeing ALB
Ingress given it's dot ivo actions dot custom action name
whatever you can provide here.
So, inside that, if you see it in a very detailed manner
so, it provides a method for configuring custom actions
on a listener such as for redirect actions.
So, that is one important thing, and the second is the
action name in the annotation
must match the service naming Ingress rules and
service port must be use annotation.
Okay? So this one we'll come to next but,
first, let's see the first point here
which is provides a method
for configuring custom actions on it, listener.
Let's go back to over load balancer.
So, we have created this load balancer
as part of the previous section
which is nothing but, zero eight zero four
LB ingress SSL, and in
this section we really didn't clean
up at the end, so, we want evident cleaned up in here
so, we'll, again, come back to zero eight
zero five ingress SSL redirect and let's
try to understand more
about what is this provides the method
for configuring custom actions on it, listener, right?
So, what are those actions
from load balances perspective first
see that and then go back and then write
it in the cube and notice ingress manifest.
Okay? So if you see here forty-eight "R" four four three
if you click on view edit rules
so, there are a lot of rules, you are writing in here, okay?
So, when the path is slash "F" slash "star"
so, then, go to this respective target group
in the same way if you take it here
so, go to this respective target group is the action.
So, if you want, you can insert a rule here saying that.
So, when the path is slash star, right?
and now, this is the action
this is the custom action whatever we are discussing, right?
So, when this is the case
when, when it is slash star then redirect
to to so and so redirect to to https
or redirect to to where we want to redirect.
Redirect to a different protocol, redirect
to http, another URL or redirect
to https with a three zero one permanently redirect.
Okay? So with original host path query.
So, this is the default rule, whatever is present here,
okay?
So, in the port, whatever you want to
give four four three and
if you say add, so you get this value, right?
Which is nothing but to https hash host path and then
query whatever is provided with their
status score http three zero one.
Exactly whatever we have done here
on the AWS management console, we are going to
write the same thing in the Kubernetes ingress manifest.
That's all, and this path, whatever you have
written slash star is going to
be the first one in the forty eighty rules.
Okay? So all these things will be ignored as soon
as we write this
because anything with slash star automatically
it needs to redirect to https colon
whatever the host came in from the browser and the path
whatever came from the browser and
if any query tags also up and all those things.
So like this, so if once we add the send and
save it automatically
all these things will become invalidated.
So, now, currently, we are not doing it
via UI and we are going to do it via Kubernetes manifest.
So, we are going to update our ingress manifest
with these details and then apply it and then see
that these changes takes place automatically here.
So, everything we are going to update
in our manifest and then do it.
Okay, so now let's go back here, right?
So, we'll go back and then in addition to whatever I said
right that we are using it for http two https
but, there will be many redirect things you need
on the load balances.
Like, you want to send a custom response for
your five zero three error.
So, you can do that.
Here is the sample they have provided
for how you want to do it and
second, is you want to redirect
to another external URL.
You can do that or you can forward
to a single target group or you can forward
to multiple target groups.
So, all these things are already available here and
how much you want to do
and all those things like, example,
like, you can take the path this one and then
add action and then forward to
so, which target group and how much percent,
ten percent of the traffic and this target group and
remaining ninety percent
of the traffic for slash KBC star, something like that.
Okay? So all these things are doable, via UI and
now, all these things we will be able to do
via Kubernetes manifests.
Okay? So that's what I'm trying to explain.
So, now, here if we go back to this one
so, this part we have cleared out
what is it by seeing it at the screen.
Okay, it means like AWS management console alb screens.
Okay? Now, what is this part?
So, the action name, whatever you provide
in the annotation must match the service name
in the Ingress rule and
service port must have use annotation compulsory.
So, let's go ahead and then see our manifest and
then, get that understanding little bit, right?
So, let's go back here
and
we will
we'll close my read me file here and then we'll go
to zero eight zero five ALB ingress SSL
redirect and this is the one.
So, now let's see, the first thing is SSL redirect setting.
So, let's go ahead and then understand that first.
So, in our manifest we are supposed to make two changes
one is are the custom action annotation based
on whatever we have provided.
So, I have added ALB, Ingress, whatever the Kubernetes
dot actions dot whatever the name you want to give.
You can give the action name here I give SSL
hyphen redirect and I provided the JSUN file
with the standard syntax saying
that the type is going to be redirect, and the
redirect config is going to be https protocol and
port is four four three and the status score
for the redirect is going to be http
underscore three zero one,
the same thing I have provided here.
So, this is change one and change two
relates to what we have discussed here.
Okay? So which is nothing but the action name
in the annotation must match the service name.
So, as we told in port eighty rule,
the first rule should be slash star for this, correct?
Right? So path is equal to slash star and
the back end with service name and service port.
So, service name should be always the action name,
whatever you have given here
which is nothing but, SSL redirect, right?
And the service port is going to be use annotation
the same thing, whatever we have discussed here.
So, service name is going to be the action name
which is nothing, but SSL redirect and
service port is going to be use annotation,
the same thing we have defined here.
So, once we make these two changes from the template,
whatever we took from zero to zero eight four which is zero
seven "L" being SSL, just add these two changes which is
SSL redirect setting and one more is path related
SSL redirect setting, and then
once we apply these things automatically
what happens is all the rules present here, right?
All these rules will go away and then whatever the rule
we have seen, right?
Whenever it is slash star then redirected to http colon host
and then colon four four three port slash path, dollar path
and then again query question mark and then query.
So, like, that it is going to auto create all those things.
So, now we have completed this step related to it, okay?
So, now we'll go ahead and then deploy all the manifests
in our next lecture.
So, after implementing this, what is going to happen?
So, that's another important thing, right?
So, http two https, it is going to redirect,
so, let's see that, also.
So, this is our current architecture, whatever we have seen,
as part of previous section
which is Ingress SSL and then the
context part based routing and all those things.
So, now, what happens whenever you implement this
SSL redirect is so SSL redirect related changes
we will be updating in our Ingress.
Those are two changes,
whatever we just now discussed, and then,
what happens is whenever you access any http URL
automatically browser will redirect
to https URL, okay?
So, that's what is going to happen now.
So, let's go ahead and then deploy and then test it now.
So, I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.